[DOC-736] View universe task history (#27802)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/v2025.1/yugabyte-platform/manage-deployments/retry-failed-task.md

type: docs
---

> You can view the status and details of tasks performed on your YugabyteDB Anywhere universes, including create universe, edit universe, software upgrades, GFlags upgrades, and more using the universe **Tasks** page. You can also manage these tasks by retrying failed ones or aborting those still in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the status and details of tasks performed on your YugabyteDB Anywhere universes, including create universe, edit universe, software upgrades, flag changes, and more using the universe **Tasks** page. You can also manage these tasks by retrying failed ones or aborting those still in progress.
```

> You view task details by navigating to **Universes > Universe-Name > Tasks**, as shown in the following illustration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the task history for all your universes, navigate to **Tasks**; to view the tasks for a specific universe, navigate to **Universes > Universe-Name > Tasks**, as shown in the following illustration:
```
